docs: Adding Karpenter version support note (#6724)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/upgrading/upgrade-guide.md

Use your existing upgrade mechanisms to upgrade your core add-ons in Kubernetes and keep Karpenter up to date on bug fixes and new features.
This guide contains information needed to upgrade to the latest release of Karpenter, along with compatibility issues you need to be aware of when upgrading from earlier Karpenter versions.

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

> With the release of Karpenter v1.0.0, the Karpenter team will be dropping support for karpenter versions v0.32 and below. We recommended upgrading to the latest version of Karpenter keep Karpenter up to date on bug fixes and new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the release of Karpenter v1.0.0, the Karpenter team will be dropping support for karpenter versions v0.32 and below. We recommend upgrading to the latest version of Karpenter and keeping Karpenter up-to-date for bug fixes and new features.
```

> With the release of Karpenter v1.0.0, the Karpenter team will be dropping support for karpenter version older then v0.32.0. We recommended upgrading to the latest version of Karpenter keep Karpenter up to date on bug fixes and new features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the release of Karpenter v1.0.0, the Karpenter team will be dropping support for karpenter versions v0.32 and below. We recommended upgrading to the latest version of Karpenter keep Karpenter up to date on bug fixes and new features.
```
